Feature/update readme (#44)
bmw-tech/widget_driver: widget_driver/doc/drivers_without_generation.md

# Drivers Without Generation

> You do not need to use code generation to use `WidgetDrivers`. You can just as well create all the needed code manually. It is just a bit more manual work for you 😅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to use code generation to use `WidgetDriver`. You can just as well create all
the needed code manually. It is just a bit more manual work for you 😅
```

> It is actually not so much code you have to create for each `driver`. But as you project grows it still adds up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It actually isn't so much code you have to create for each `Driver`. But as you project grows it still adds up.
```

> *So the recommendation would still be to use code generation.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*So our recommendation is to use code generation.*
```

## What do I need to do

You just need two extra classes!  

> Except for the actual `WidgetDriver` you need to create a `TestDriver` version of your `Driver`. And you need to create a `WidgetDriverProvider` which can create an instance for your `driver` and `testDriver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Except for the actual `WidgetDriver` you need to create a `TestDriver` version of your `Driver`. 
And you need to create a `WidgetDriverProvider` which can create an instance for your `Driver` and `TestDriver`.
```

### Creating the TestDriver

> The `TestDriver` is used when your widget is created during widgetTests. It cannot have any dependencies to any instance of something. It should just contain hard coded values. *(It can contain static values from some other type.)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TestDriver` is used when your widget is created during widget tests. It can't have any dependencies to any instance of something. It should just contain hard coded values. *(It can contain static values from some other type.)*
```

Your `TestDriver` needs to extend the `TestDriver` type and implement your `Driver` type. Here is an example of how to define it:

```dart
// Imagine you have a driver called `MyCoolWidgetDriver`

class MyCoolWidgetTestDriver extends TestDriver
    implements MyCoolWidgetDriver {
  @override
  String get coolName => 'A cool name';

  @override

>   String get coolImageUrl => CoolImageService.testCoolImageUrl;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  String get coolImageUrl => "https://picsum.photos/300/300";
```
I would avoid using another type in this example, just to emphasis that your test driver should *not* depend on other stuff and for most cases the best would be to use hardcoded values. You could also go with any other static URL, like https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/logos_page/GitHub-Mark.png

Author: I just wanted to highlight here that you can use static variables also.. And that you don't have to have the actual value hardcoded in-place.

For example, say that you have a `driver` which has a property that returns a list of some objects. Something like this:

```dart
@DriverProperty([MyCoolObject(value1: "123", value2: "456"), MyCoolObject(value1: "abc", value2: "def")])
List<MyCoolObject> get theCoolObjects  => ...
```

Then maybe it would be nicer to define that like this:

```dart
@DriverProperty([MyCoolObject.testInstance1, MyCoolObject.testInstance2])
List<MyCoolObject> get theCoolObjects  => ...

// or 

@DriverProperty(MyCoolObject.listOfTestInstances)
List<MyCoolObject> get theCoolObjects  => ...
```

And have some helper/extension on `MyCoolObject` which defines these static test instances..

}
```

> Notice in this example that `testCoolImageUrl` is a static property of the `CoolImageService`. Not an instance property.

Reviewer: Ah, ok. Here you explain it...
Still I would avoid the use of the static in the example code and keep the example code all hardcoded values, to avoid that people just copy+paste the example and don't read the explanation and then use it wrong on their code. This sentence here still could stay and explain to those who read the text, that instead of the hardcoded value in the example code, one could also use a static value from another type.

Author: Hmm. Okay. I get it.. people might not read all the docs :D 
I could maybe update the example with a more complex example. Instead of having a url-string, I could show the MyCoolObject-list?

Or should I just skip it?

So cool, now you have a `WidgetDriver` (the *MyCoolWidgetDriver*) and a `TestDriver`. Now you just need the `WidgetDriverProvider`.

This is also easy to define. You just need to extend `WidgetDriverProvider` and pass in your `WidgetDriver` as the generic type. Like this:

```dart
class MyCoolWidgetDriverProvider
    extends WidgetDriverProvider<MyCoolWidgetDriver> {
  @override
  MyCoolWidgetDriver buildDriver(BuildContext context) {
    return MyCoolWidgetDriver(context);
  }

  @override
  MyCoolWidgetDriver buildTestDriver() {
    return MyCoolWidgetTestDriver();
  }
}
```

> The `WidgetDriverProvider` has two methods which you need to override. The `buildDriver` and `buildTestDriver`. In the `buildDriver` you create an instance of your real `driver` and return it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WidgetDriverProvider` has two methods which you need to override. The `buildDriver(BuildContext context)` and `buildTestDriver()`. In the `buildDriver(...)` you create an instance of your real `driver` and return it.
```

> And in the `buildTestDriver` you create and instance of your `testDriver` and return it. Makes sense right 😁

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And in the `buildTestDriver()` you create and instance of your `testDriver` and return it. Makes sense right 😁
```
